README.md, before:

# Blog
 This is a repository of a blogging website
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 This is a repository readme file about the making of my blogging website project

 Name : Entrepreneurship Blog

 Profile : Geek3122

 Repository Name : Blog

 Description : A hardcore blogging website for the entrepreneurship and 
               Entrepreneurship aspirant
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        Entrepreneurship Blog
                        ---------------------

Steps and Status of Project:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Making of Index.html :  >Setting Up of the HTML Boilerplate
                           >Making of index.css - styling the 
                           >Importing of the Bootstrap CDN ( in the main boilerplate )
                           >Importing the jQuery CDN ( in the main boilerplate )
                           >Adding the link of index.css - styling the index.html ( after boilerplate and structuring of index.html )
                           >Adding the JS script ie. adding the index.js to the index.html - making index.html interactive ( after boilerplate and structuring of index.html )
                           >DOM Breakpoints and DOM Manipulations around the index.html ( after interaction setup with jQuery)
                           >Finalizing the thing with the Last Browser Checkout for Frontend ( after Breakpoints setup)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. Note: The Prject has a running setup therefore wait for the upcoming steps

Commit message:

Status Update of Readme.md
Updated the completed and addition of index actions

README.md, after:

# Blog
 This is a repository of a blogging website
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 This is a repository readme file about the making of my blogging website project

 Name : Entrepreneurship Blog

 Profile : Geek3122

 Repository Name : Blog

 Description : A hardcore blogging website for the entrepreneurship and 
               Entrepreneurship aspirant
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

                        Entrepreneurship Blog
                        ---------------------

Steps and Status of Project:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
1. Making of Index.html :  >Setting Up of the HTML Boilerplate : Completed
                           >Importing of the Bootstrap CDN ( in the main boilerplate ) : Completed
                           >Importing the jQuery CDN ( in the main boilerplate ) : Completed
                           >Adding the link of index.css - styling the index.html ( after boilerplate and structuring of index.html ) : Completed
                           >Adding the JS script ie. adding the index.js to the index.html - making index.html interactive ( after boilerplate and structuring of index.html ) : Completed
                           >Adding Navbar to the website imported from bootstrap : Completed
                           >Customizing our navbar : Completed
                           >importing the font-awesome library : Completed
                           >DOM Breakpoints and DOM Manipulations around the index.html ( after interaction setup with jQuery)
                           >Finalizing the thing with the Last Browser Checkout for Frontend ( after Breakpoints setup)
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
2. Note: The Prject has a running setup therefore wait for the upcoming steps
